Flyte e2e test workflow (#888)
spotify/styx: styx-e2e-test/flyte-test-workflow/README.md

#### Setup
Install `flytekit` which will install: pyflyte, flyte-cli and flytekit_build_image.sh 
```
$ virtualenv .venv -p python3.6
$ source .venv/bin/activate
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Build and push image
Build and push image,

```
$ TAG=$(git log --format='%H' -n 1) REGISTRY=eu.gcr.io/styx-oss-test \
 flytekit_build_image.sh .
```

To only build, do,
```
$ flytekit_build_image.sh .
```

#### Deploy to flyte
Deploys workflows, tasks, launch plans and image to flyte.

> You need to go to gcloud console to change the flyte admin service deployment to use LoadBalancer and get the IP of `$FLYTE_ADMIN_ADDRESS` 

Author: I tried to create an ingress for the `flyteadmin` service but did not manage to get it working.

> You need to go to gcloud console to change the flyte admin service deployment to use LoadBalancer and get the IP of `$FLYTE_ADMIN_ADDRESS` 

Author: It doesn't work for port-forwarding in this case. The port forwarding works on local but when you do registration, it happens inside a docker container which has no access to your local port.

> You need to go to gcloud console to change the flyte admin service deployment to use LoadBalancer and get the IP of `$FLYTE_ADMIN_ADDRESS` 

Reviewer: Docker container has access to local port. For example `host.docker.internal:5990` goes to 5990 port on the docker host.

---
**Note**

Everything has been deployed to flyte already. We only need to update the workflow unless it is really
 necessary. Then you should follow the steps here.
---

#### Setup
Install `flytekit` which will install: pyflyte, flyte-cli and flytekit_build_image.sh 
```
$ virtualenv .venv -p python3.6
$ source .venv/bin/activate
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Build and push image
Build and push image,

```
$ TAG=$(git log --format='%H' -n 1) REGISTRY=eu.gcr.io/styx-oss-test \
 flytekit_build_image.sh .
```

To only build, do,
```
$ flytekit_build_image.sh .
```

#### Deploy to flyte 
Deploys workflows, tasks, launch plans and image to flyte.

> Or you can use `kubectl port-forward -n flyte port-forward deployment/flyteadmin 8089:8089` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure connected to `styx-e2e-test` GKE cluster, and then `kubectl port-forward -n flyte port-forward deployment/flyteadmin 8089:8089` 
```

```

> docker run --network host -e FLYTE_PLATFORM_URL='host.docker.internal:8089' "eu.gcr.io/styx-oss-test/flyte-test-workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --network host -e FLYTE_PLATFORM_URL='host.docker.internal:8089' "eu.gcr.io/styx-oss-test/flyte-test-workflow \
```

> docker run --network host -e FLYTE_PLATFORM_URL='host.docker.internal:8089' "eu.gcr.io/styx-oss-test/flyte-test-workflow

Reviewer: Let's make a proper line break for the long command.

:$(git log --format='%H' -n 1)" pyflyte -p flytesnacks -d development -c sandbox.config register workflows
```

#### Test the workflow
Try to execute the lp of workflow once to make sure it work
```
flyte-cli -h 127.0.0.1:8089 -i -p flytesnacks -d development execute-launch-plan -r aa
\                                       
  -u lp:flytesnacks:development:workflows.hello_world_workflow.WorkflowHelloWorld:$(git log --format='%H' -n 1)

> ```

Reviewer: Let's make a proper line break for the long command.

To check if the execution worked
```

> flyte-cli -h $FLYTE_ADMIN_ADDRESS -i -p flytesnacks -d development  get-execution  -u ex:flytesnacks:development

Reviewer: Let's make a proper line break for the long command.

---
**Note**

Everything has been deployed to flyte already. We only need to update the workflow unless it is really
 necessary. Then you should follow the steps here.
---

#### Setup
Install `flytekit` which will install: pyflyte, flyte-cli and flytekit_build_image.sh 
```
$ virtualenv .venv -p python3.6
$ source .venv/bin/activate
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Build and push image
Build and push image,

```
$ TAG=$(git log --format='%H' -n 1) REGISTRY=eu.gcr.io/styx-oss-test \
 flytekit_build_image.sh .
```

To only build, do,
```
$ flytekit_build_image.sh .
```

#### Port forwarding to flyteadmin in the test cluster
Access to flyteadmin is needed to deploy the workflow. You can create port forwarding to flyteadmin with this command
```
kubectl port-forward -n flyte port-forward deployment/flyteadmin 8089:8089
```

#### Deploy to flyte 
Deploys workflows, tasks, launch plans and image to flyte.

```
docker run --network host \
-e FLYTE_PLATFORM_URL='host.docker.internal:8089' \
"eu.gcr.io/styx-oss-test/flyte-test-workflow:$(git log --format='%H' -n 1)" \

> pyflyte -p flytesnacks -d development -c sandbox.config register workflows

Reviewer 2: does this flytesnacks have anything to do with https://github.com/lyft/flytesnacks ?

Reviewer: Not related. It's just sandbox deployment seeding a few projects and `flytesnacks` is one of those.
